[goldencat@goldencat gdb]$ gdb -q
(gdb) help
List of classes of commands:

aliases -- Aliases of other commands
breakpoints -- Making program stop at certain points
data -- Examining data
files -- Specifying and examining files
internals -- Maintenance commands
obscure -- Obscure features
running -- Running the program
stack -- Examining the stack
status -- Status inquiries
support -- Support facilities
tracepoints -- Tracing of program execution without stopping the program
user-defined -- User-defined commands

Type "help" followed by a class name for a list of commands in that class.
Type "help" followed by command name for full documentation.
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
(gdb) help breakpoints
Making program stop at certain points.

List of commands:

awatch -- Set a watchpoint for an expression
break -- Set breakpoint at specified line or function
catch -- Set catchpoints to catch events
clear -- Clear breakpoint at specified line or function
commands -- Set commands to be executed when a breakpoint is hit
condition -- Specify breakpoint number N to break only if COND is true
delete -- Delete some breakpoints or auto-display expressions
disable -- Disable some breakpoints
enable -- Enable some breakpoints
hbreak -- Set a hardware assisted  breakpoint
ignore -- Set ignore-count of breakpoint number N to COUNT
rbreak -- Set a breakpoint for all functions matching REGEXP
rwatch -- Set a read watchpoint for an expression
tbreak -- Set a temporary breakpoint
tcatch -- Set temporary catchpoints to catch events
thbreak -- Set a temporary hardware assisted breakpoint
txbreak -- Set temporary breakpoint at procedure exit
watch -- Set a watchpoint for an expression
xbreak -- Set breakpoint at procedure exit

Type "help" followed by command name for full documentation.
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
(gdb) help clear
Clear breakpoint at specified line or function.
Argument may be line number, function name, or "*" and an address.
If line number is specified, all breakpoints in that line are cleared.
If function is specified, breakpoints at beginning of function are cleared.
If an address is specified, breakpoints at that address are cleared.

With no argument, clears all breakpoints in the line that the selected frame
is executing in.

See also the "delete" command which clears breakpoints by number.
(gdb) q
